feat(srvless): image size tips (#4865)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/faq.mdx

* **Use sandbox v2**: We recommend you use sandbox v2 (advanced settings) to reduce cold starts.

> * **Reduce image size**: Ensure to keep your image small and clean: [read more](/serverless-containers/reference-content/containers-limitations/#image-size)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Reduce image size**: Ensure your image is small and clean. [Read our tips for keeping image sizes down](/serverless-containers/reference-content/containers-limitations/#image-size).
```
